So now we have a next to-do.
And in this test, it says we
should time out after x seconds.
So let's implement this first.
And I'm gonna show you what kind of issues
we will have with the implementation.
So, when you are talking to a fetch
over here, if you wanna time out,
you will need to have
some kind of a delay.
So let's create a delay function.
And Autopilot is amazing at writing delay,
perfect, okay.
I think that's correct, right?
Yeah, that's right.
So now this gives me a promise that
allows me to delay a particular thing.
And what we can do now is we can say,
race.await.
No, sorry, not race, promise.race.
Promise.race.
And, I see.
So, okay.
It's unknown because, right,
these are different types.
So we're gonna cheat here and
we're gonna say, then.
So the thing is, we're refactoring it so
that we return a timeout value.
So, we have a delay, and after a delay,
we say return,
let's say response equals timeout.
Otherwise, we do our normal stuff, right?
And now we have to say,
then, we get a response.
And in the response,
we copy this piece of code right here,
which basically says return response.json.
And we can go and just return it.
And they delete this code right here.
So now we have code that will
wait up to 5,000 milliseconds,
it's a race between two promises, right?
Either this promise tries, to actually
fetch the data, or we have a delay and
we will resolve in 5,000 milliseconds
saying like, hey, there's a timeout.
Actually, let's make this
timeout a little shorter, 4,000,
because the 5,000 is also what we test.
So, let's make a new test.
And somebody was asking me, do I copy
the tests or do I like to be dry?
So, I actually like to copy the tests,
because it makes it easier to kind
of figure out what is going on.
So let's just copy this test over,
remove this expect, and
we'll do expect here.
And it's an async.
Okay, so now we have the same exact test,
but what we are gonna do is we're not
we're not going to resolve the the
response, instead we're just gonna wait.
And if I get my test going,
notice that we have a test
that's failing, and it's saying, hey,
I expected to have a response,
but instead I got a timeout.
So actually this is what we wanna do.
We wanna assert that we have a timeout,
right?
So instead of response,
we have a timeout like this.
And now you'll see that this test passes,
hopefully, if I did this right,
it's passing because it's doing
exactly what I wanted, right?
I didn't provide a response,
and it, four seconds later,
provided a timeout response,
which is exactly what we wanted.
However, as you can imagine,
you don't wanna have a test like this,
how do I hide the background?
Okay, you don't want to have a test like
this inside of your repo because it takes
four seconds to execute, and
if you have hundreds and hundreds of them,
this would be a problem.
So the question then becomes,
how do we simulate this?
How do we solve this?
And I'm gonna ask the audience.
>> Timeout should be an argument.
>> [CROSSTALK] That's right, so we need
to now pass in the delay in here, right?
So, we can essentially continue
the same exact process,
where we say,
const delay mock is going to be a function
that is going to be
getting a mock promise.
So the argument of the function
is gonna be a number.
And it's gonna return a promise.
And now we have to take this mock and
pass it in to our API.
And then inside of our API,
we will do the same exact thing.
We will say, we have a delay, and
the delay will be a function that
takes a millisecond, which is a number,
which produces a promise.
And yeah,
we can have a default value in here and
we can also have a default value here.
Oops, fetch.
Actually, is that allowed?
Can you have the fetch name
to be the same as this fetch?
I don't actually know.
We'll find out in a second.
And so, now, instead of just calling
delay, we will call this .delay.
So that we control, we, again,
get to the other side of things.
And if I go back to my test,
My test is now timing out, because
the same way as we are mocking the other
response, we have to mock this one, right?
So, we assert that we're gonna
get called in a correct way and
then we do the limax to
have been called with 4000.
And then we say, delay mock mock results
the first result value that we got
we actually resolve it and we now assert
that you have the right output, let's see.
Yeah, that's not allowed,
my fault on that.
Names cannot match, so I can't do this.
This delay is not a function.
Right.
So now the issue is that we
have broken our previous test.
So our previous test now
also wants to delay mock, so
we now have to pass a mock in here.
We can just do under a function like this.
I think this is just gonna
complain about the type.
Let's go back.
Okay, so now we are passing again.
So the same thing that
we have done previously,
we're repeating over here, right?
We are sandwiching ourselves in.
So you can see that this is how we can
control not just the external APIs,
but also we get to control the time,
right?
Because I get to decide when
individual promises resolve, and so
I can change the order in
which the promises resolve,
I can pretend the time is moving
forward by whatever amount I want, etc.
And so, this is a way to get
a full control over the stuff.